Xolomo
marking pilgrims progress

Xolomo is an appointment tracking application for managing and scheduling confession appointments.
It builds, uses and maintains a database of pilgrims who are seeking to speak to an elder at a monastery.
It consists of a variety of screens for various purposes outlined here.

The Main Screen.

The main screen is the Pilgrim Queue (PQ) management page. It appears as a series of rows, each of which contains information about a particular Pilgrim who is waiting to confess to an elder. The information is as follows:

First Name, Last Name, Date of Arrival, Date of Departure, Confessor(elder to be seen), Place of origin, a icon indicating that that an image of the pilgrim exists, and an icon indicating there are notes for this pilgrim. lastly, there is a button labeled "confessed". 

When the confessed button is clicked, the pilgrim's information is archived and the row is removed from the list.

At the bottom of the main screen there is an icon in the form of a plus sign. Clicking on the plus sign icon opens an Add New Pilgrim dialog.

Next to the Add New Pilgrim plus sign is an icon that resembles a scroll. When it is clicked on, a dialog appears with the archived pilgrim information in list form similar but more compact than the pilgrim queue list.

Clicking on one of the archived items brings up a dialog similar to the detail dialog but which provides cancel and confirm buttons. If the user clicks on confirm, the archived pilgrim is added as a row to the Pilgrim queue.

The image icon. If the image icon is green, it indicates that an image of that pilgrim exists. Clicking on a green image button brings up the pilgrim's image. clicking on a red image icon brings up a image upload dialog.

The Notes icon. The notes icon is either green or red. A green Notes icon indicates that notes exist for the associated pilgrim. Clicking on the notes icon brings up a text editor dialog for that pilgrim. 

The Confessed button. When the user clicks on the Confessed button in a particular row, the pilgrim information for that row is archived and the row no longer appears in the Pilgrim Queue. 

The Detail Dialog.

Clicking anywhere in a row, except for the icons and confessed button, brings up a dialog box showing the pilgrim info in more detail, including any uploaded image and notes associated with that pilgrim. There is also a button labeled History which, when clicked, brings up a list of dates for previous confessions.

The Add New Pilgrim Dialog.

Clicking on the plus sign in the lower left-hand corner of the main Pilgrim Queue opens a dialog similar to the Detail Dialog except that the fields are input fields and blank. They  consist of  text fields for First Name, Last Name, calendar widgets for Date of Arrival, Date of Departure, a pull-down menu for Confessor(elder to be seen), a text field for Place of origin, a icon that serves as a button which opens a dialog with a file browser to add an image of the pilgrim. A multi-line text area for addition notes and information for the pilgrim appears after the other fields at the bottom of the dialog. Lastly, there are two buttons, Cancel, which dismisses the dialog without changes, and a Save button which, when clicked, adds the pilgrim information to the database.  The Pilgrim Queue updates and the new Pilgrim information appears as a new row in the PQ.
